---
title: Day 3 (Sat)
location: Tokyo
---

We had a slower morning, but by noon managed to make it to the Shibuya, where we sorta accidentally ended up at the scramble. Yep, it’s a big intersection. We went to [Good Good Not Bad]() for coffee. Right after we ordered, their grinder *broke*. They apologized profusely and said it would be a few minutes wait—Normally, I’d expect that to be a "here’s a refund, we’re closing up shop" type situation, but they were super chill about it. Fortunately, it was well air-conned, so we hung out for a bit until some guy showed up to address whatever the issue with the grinder was. The barista working the grinder looked extremely concerned, but they were tasting and dialing in the grind in no time. The coffee was **excellent**, so we picked up some beans to take home with us.

Sufficiently caffeinated, we walked around Shibuya, found a [Hands](), so that I could get a razor, then stopped at [Mikkeller]() for a beer. They had a really great selection, but we both ended up with IPAs—Katie with a hazy, and while I ordered a west coast, I also ended up with a hazy. Still, it was quite good. Following that, we did some shopping, starting with [Vintage Qoo Tokyo](https://www.qoo-online.com), then to Nomos Glasshutte, then to Polène.

Katie found an incredible ramen spot (literally underground) for dinner, where we both had really great ramen (Katie had the sesame ramen, I had the Champion ramen), gyoza, and a super refreshing beer. We took a post-prandial walk to help us digest, hit up a capsul gacha thing, then Uniqlo. Then bed.
