---
title: "Day Three: Silom"
pubdate: "2015-01-24 01:44:39"
layout: post
---
###More to come

Squarespace's blog app was shitily architected (I had a rep explain to me that because of the <a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cloud-to-butt-plus/apmlngnhgbnjpajelfkmabhkfapgnoai?hl=en">architecture of their cloud</a>, offline authoring isn't possible.  When I pointed out that humans have been writing without the internet for thousands of years, he didn't have a good response. I am disappointed), I can only write posts when I'm online. Not say, when I'm on an eight hour train ride.

{% include image.html name="thailand/image_034.jpg" caption="" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/1309.jpg" caption="Becky, I'm as shocked as you" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/1317.jpg" caption="It rankles me not knowing why their fire hydrants are different." %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/image_037.jpg" caption="" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/1323.jpg" caption="Rather than being made of mostly urine, the floors of Bangkok's buses are hardwood. What's up, muni." %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/image_039.jpg" caption="And this creepy fuck...." %}

We spent the afternoon walking around Silom and the Jim Thompson house. Interesting story, not worth the time. After the House though, we hung out at the Silom mall and took stock. I wanted to do that specifically to disabuse myself of the idea that Thailand is all stalls and tuk tuks. It's not. It's just as modern, bright, and flashy as the west.

{% include image.html name="thailand/image_040.jpg" caption="" %}

And this cafe wouldn't be out of place in SF.

{% include image.html name="thailand/1356.jpg" caption="Organic, locally sourced and roasted cold brew. Fixies in the background. Your move, San Francisco." %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/1366.jpg" caption="Recycled leather bound journals. Sketch books. Biodegradable how-to guides." %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/1364.jpg" caption="Upcycled PET bottle speaker. And Kerry." %}

commentor: Cindy
date: 2015-01-25 07:05:09

Ronald appears to be giving the namaste blessing with, as you noted, a creepy expression. Very mixed messages. Thanks for the posts! Sorry you can only write &quot;live&quot; and can't write and then upload. How quaint and old-fashioned.