---
Title: "Last day in Florence"
Location: “Florence, Milan"
---
We got up and out, grabbing coffee again at [BEN cafe](), which sits in the courtyard in front of some dude’s house. After that, we wandered around a bit, eventually getting pizza at [Il Pizzar….](), on the recommendation of Thomas.
 - Burrata with tomatoes
 - Really tasty bread
 - Spicy salami with black olives, mozzerella, and tomato sauce
 - Margherita
 - Porcini with mozzerela and onion
  
Everything was great, with the spicy salami pizza being the best! We grabbed one last gelato at [RivaReno]() (I had Crema buontalenti, which I found out after my first taste is that classic gelato flavor, honey, lemon, and orange). After that, we meandered back to the Airbnb, packed up, and said our goodbyes to Ivee and Chris. They headed out to the Uffizi Muesum and we headed to the train station.

The train ride was mostly uneventful, but we got off a stop or two early, ending up in the outskirts of Milan rather than the city center. It took us a little bit to navigate the differences between the commuter rail, subway, etc. but eventually we got it sorted.

We got dinner at Il Società Milano
 - We started with an apparativo, with sparkling white wine, a lamb meatball, an egg roll, and octopus ceviche
 - An amuse bouche consisting of a “deconstructed pizza" aka burrata with with tomato shavings. Whatever you wanna call it, it was tasty.
 - Beef carpacio for a starter
 - Foie gras
 - Hand cut penne, with each piece longer than a finger
 - Celeriac with mushroom and shiitake dashi broth (it was two small cubes of celeriac, two button mushrooms, and some sauce). Also, it had a weird coffee reduction, that I really didn’t think worked with everything else, but everything else was great so whatever.
 
Even though what I had for a main was tiny and clearly not intended to be one, with all the other food it was perfect. We skipped dessert and got a car to the hotel, then got to bed as quickly as we could
 