---
title: "tbd"
---

After waking up at the obscene hour of 5am (and feeling amazing!) we got up and out and on the plane. Initially, we were turned away at the gate because our boarding pass didn't have the proper stamps. Whatever, we made it.

{% include image.html name="" caption="Not our plane, but still pretty!" %}

It's interesting. I feel slightly trepidatious going to Cuba, more so than Costa Rica, India, or even Thailand. Despite the fact that my Spanish is orders of magnitude better than my Thai (or Hindi, or Punjabi), I feel exposed. Maybe it's because I'm not fluent I feel incompetent, rather than completely incapable. Or, maybe it's because unlike Costa Rica and Thailand, American tourism hasn't run rampant (or maybe it has, we'll find out) Or maybe it's because I'm going to a country that for most of my life I've been told is an enemy of the state. It's not the same as I felt on the flight to Himachal Pradesh, but I was excited!

After landing, we made it through customs and border patrol very quickly, changed money, and got a taxi to the house. upon arriving, a man who lived in the building was kind enough to let us in the gate and up to our floor. When we found the room, we rang, mocked, and then stood outside, but no one answered. Figuring they had gone to breakfast, we left a note and went exploring.

We walked towards the malecon, then cut a loose circle back to the house, checking out a market on the way. Think farmers market with more interesting smells. We got back to the house and sat down outside to wait to meet up with the rest of the crew.

while we sat, the same man who let us in earlier came by and asked us what had happened. We explained we missed our friends, and began talking. It toured our to be a really cool conversation. His name is Filiberto, and recently moved to Havana to live in the place his daughter, a former anesthesiologist, moved to Belgium with her husband, who she met while he vacationed here. Now, the husband runs a grocery store and is able to support the entire family.  It was really heartening to hear how proud he was of his daughter for making bold moves, despite the life she had built here.

Eventually, Anand and Hanna showed up, and we headed up stairs. after getting water, talking story and explaining the cf of the past day, we got up and out and began wandering.

We got lunch/breakfast at Paladar Santa Barabara. it was good, but not nearly as good as the Island Fusion Grill. Arter, we stopped by the Hotel Nacional to try to find wifi (failed), then had a drink (success). From there, we took a car to Habana Vieha and wandered until making our way to the Museo de chocolate for the highly rated iced chocolate beverage. True to recommendations, it was excellent, however Dandelion has spoiled us. I'd still recommend the drinking chocolate there if you're in SF, but when in Havana...

On the walk over, we wandered through a dense residential area, which was pretty interesting. People just hung out outside, which was really cool. The disparity between living conditions between the US and Cuba were obvious  thoug, a(and we were approached by one person asking for money for his sons birthday.

After chocolate (and a coffee) we headed to El Bodegito de Midio. They had a live band, and Dina and I snuck in one dance! Afterword, we headed to dinner at [Atelier]() (meh), then home to plan for tomorrow/sleep.

We tried going to Gato Tuero](), but the $5 cover was enough of a deterrent to push it out till tomorrow. 
