---
title: "Day Twenty Two: Getting Our Bearings"
pubdate: "2015-02-25 21:10:43"
---

We spent the day bumming around the old city, checking stuff out. Brunch was at this incredible restaurant, <a href="http://www.tripadvisor.com/MobileQueryBBox-g293917-d1218462-Blue_Diamond_Breakfast_Club-Chiang_Mai.html">Blue Diamomd</a>, that wouldn't have been out of place in Berkeley. Vegan, gluten-free baked goods, chia seeds, and avocados everywhere. After lounging there till around two two we rolled ourselves out of there and started to explore Chiang Mai.

{% include image.html name="thailand/image_085.jpg" caption="Kerry, beaming with excitement about all the great stuff Blue Diamond has. My personal favorite was the vegan, gluten free ginger avocado muffins. They were a little too ginger-y for Kerry's discerning taste, but I loved them!" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/1620.jpg" caption="One of the coolest cafés in Chiang Mai. The owner is a well known photographer who decided to set up shop." %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/image_087.jpg" caption="Good advice. Straight and to the point. " %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/1624.jpg" caption="This guy, holding it down at the coffee shop " %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/1622.jpg" caption="" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/1627.jpg" caption="heffalumps!" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/1626.jpg" caption="This guy iagazzo was all over Chiang Mai. Had some really cool stuff!" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/1647.jpg" caption="Miss Chiang Mai Flower Festival International: the most awkward beauty pageant ever. It was as though they had just gone to a bunch of hostels to rounded up contestants. We caught the talent portion of the contest, acro yoga, juggling, singing, even a little club dancing." %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/1648.jpg" caption="Kerry having none of it." %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/img_021.jpg" caption="Lights. Everywhere. The giant tulip things in the background reminded me of the huge flowers that were put out mid-market last winter. Wouldn't mind seeing them there!" %}