---
title: "Day Thirty: Chiang Dao and The Temple of Pain"
pubdate: "2015-03-04 00:11:48"
---

We took the bus three hours north of Chiang Mai to the small town of Chiang Dao. When we told the locals we wanted to head up that way, invariably we got blank stares and were asked, "Why? There's nothing there." Which was exactly the point. It's literally a stop on the side of the road, with not much else out there.


It was glorious. Stepping off the bus and walking to our huts was pretty hot, then we came across this thing:

{% include image.html name="thailand/1786.jpg" caption="Four bleeding giants, a woman climbing a thorned tree being hounded by dogs..." %}


{% include image.html name="thailand/img_003.jpg" caption="This guy's having his tongue ripped out. The guy behind him is being fed coals." %}


{% include image.html name="thailand/1790.jpg" caption="This is a Naga, or some kind of mythical snake that shaded the buddha at some point? something like that." %}


Yeah, weird spot.

Then we got to the huts.

{% include image.html name="thailand/1798.jpg" caption="" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/img_004.jpg" caption="" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/1821.jpg" caption="<a href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dMjQ3hA9mEA'>Life uh, finds a way</a>" %}

We got settled, rented some bikes, and started exploring.

{% include image.html name="thailand/1801.jpg" caption="" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/1802.jpg" caption="" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/1812.jpg" caption="" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/1813.jpg" caption="As Marissa so succinctly put it, 'Attack boobs!'" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/1814.jpg" caption="This gloriously derptastic shmuck" %}

It just so happened that the weekend we were visiting Chiang Dao was the same weekend of a Japanese hippy music festial, [Shambala in your Heart](https://www.facebook.com/shambhalafestival). We arrived at the festival after the music had officially ended for the night, but it was a super chill scene. There was one guy raging on a harmonica with cockles tied to his ankles that was pretty cool. Sleeping arrancements for the festival were just camping out behind the stages. Someone had brought a teepee.

{% include image.html name="thailand/1817.jpg" caption="" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/1819.jpg" caption="Cool idea" %}