---
title: "Day Four: The Train and Floating Markets"
pubdate: "2015-01-24 02:09:10"
---
### The Train Market

This market lies along side/on top of railroad tracks. It's shoulder to shoulder stretching for about a mile with vendors selling everything. If it's edible, it's here. All too mellow chime goes off just before the train come trundling through, and everyone calmly packs away their stall 30 seconds before it arrives, the train passes, then everything picks up where it left off. Weird.

{% include image.html name="thailand/image_019.jpg" caption="" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/image_020.jpg" caption="" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/image_018.jpg" caption="" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/image_021.jpg" caption="" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/image_024.jpg" caption="" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/image_022.jpg" caption="" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/image_023.jpg" caption="" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/image_026.jpg" caption="Still not sure what these are. Some kind of root? Looked like curled up bugs." %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/image_025.jpg" caption="" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/image_027.jpg" caption="" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/image_028.jpg" caption="" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/image_029.jpg" caption="" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/image_030.jpg" caption="" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/image_031.jpg" caption="Our guide didn't know the English name for these, but he pulled out his phone and google translated it to 'grinding the rabbit'. It ends up as some kind of drink" %}

### The Floating Markets

{% include image.html name="thailand/image_032.jpg" caption="Nothing but  chotchkies and tourists as far as the eye can see." %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/image_033.jpg" caption="Long tails are the way to get around on the water. Long boats with huge prows, an exposed engine on the back with a naked prop on the end of a long stick." %}

The *Floating Market* sounds pretty badass, so we thought it would be cool to check out. Turns out it's a god forsaken tourist trap, so we bailed on it in favor of coffee and people watching.