---
title: "Day Two, Part I: Wandering Wat Pho and the Markets"
pubdate: "2015-01-22 00:41:20"
---

###Mahachulalongkornrajavidyalaya University
{% include image.html name="thailand/1298.jpg" caption="Someone bombed the campus with these stickers." %}

The university itself was a bunch of uninteresting concrete buildings running along the Chao Phraya river that separates bangkok's eastern and western halves.

###The Fish Markets

Bangkok has an entire market dedicated to dried fish products. Everything is laid out neatly and labeled clearly but the smell is intense. Not quite bad, but definitely fishy. It was a total trip seeing food sold in such a different way than what I'm used to.

{% include image.html name="thailand/image_047.jpg" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/image_048.jpg" caption="One box of fish shavings, please" %}


{% include image.html name="thailand/image_050.jpg" caption="Flattened dried cuttlefish" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/image_049.jpg" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/image_053.jpg" caption="This...this made me uneasy. This and the giant rat." %}


{% include image.html name="thailand/image_051.jpg" caption="Some kind of fish, couldn't get a clear translation." %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/image_052.jpg" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/P1150011.jpg" caption="An entire pallet of MSG."%}


{% include image.html name="thailand/image_054.jpg" caption="Outside of the fish market. This is what most of bangkok looks like." %}


###Wat Pho

One of the more famous wats in Bangkok (evidently?) it houses a massive, golden statue of the Buddha reclining (read on his death bed). The entire surrounding complex is ornately decorated and beautiful. We woke up early and happened to arrive before it was overrun by other people.

{% include image.html name="thailand/image_055.jpg" caption="The roofs of all the buildings were lacqured tile, with each doorway surrounded with golden mirrors. For contrast, a European style clock tower peeks out in the background." %}


{% include image.html name="thailand/image_056.jpg" caption="This guy had the right idea" %}


{% include image.html name="thailand/image_058.jpg" caption="All the roofs!" %}


{% include image.html name="thailand/P1150018.jpg" caption="All of the gates had Chinese stone guards originally used as ballasts for junks, then used as badass motheruckers." %}


{% include image.html name="thailand/P1150033.jpg" caption="This guy...Marco Polo." %}
 
{% include image.html name="thailand/P1150047_001.jpg" caption="I was tempted to create a list of the top ten things in Thailand that just don't give a fuck, but I wasn't sure I could live with myself after creating a listicle, so instead, is submit to you only this: 'lol swag'" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/image_060.jpg" caption="The entire hall was filled with an irritating rattling sound, as we walked around the back of the Buddha,Mae found out why: people were changing bills for coins and dropping them into about 100 alms bowls for good luck." %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/image_091.jpg" caption="The inner courtyard was surrounded with gilded Buddha. From what I could overhear from other private tour guides, families would purchase a Buddha and have it placed in the temple as a sort of patronage. They're responsible for the upkeep, so some were in disrepair, some were shiny and new. All had nipples." %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/P1150053.jpg" caption="There were cats everywhere. Saw this Tom and figured out why" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/image_062.jpg" caption="Huge. Absolutely huge. In addition to being covered in squares of gold foil not much larger than a quarter, his robes defy gravity, hanging horizontally despite his reclined posture.  His feet are inlaid with mother of pearl, depicting symbols of his life. I think. Most of the plaques were in Thai." %}

###Moar Markets
{% include image.html name="thailand/image_063.jpg" caption="Came across this badass bake shop stacked floor to ceiling with everything." %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/image_065.jpg" caption="Walking through the markets, I half expected to see people offering neural implants, stims, and all manner of cyberpunk dystopian tropes." %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/image_064.jpg" caption="But we just saw a lot of stuff wrapped in plastic" %}

We wandered through the flower markets, got coffee from an 'underground' coffee shop, it was in broad daylight, or at least as much as the markets ever see, and through China town to end up at the Royal Indian. Hole in the wall with fantastic food, they served the best palak paneer I've ever had.