---
title: "Day Twenty Four: (normal) Bikes!"
pubdate: "2015-02-26 05:34:11"
---

We rented a couple of cruisers and biked around Chiang Mai. We got lunch out in the university district at a road side stand (Thai Spicy Salad with Fired Pork, complete with surprise shrimp, papaya salad, fried pork slurry, and sausage). Heard a couple american business men talk about how unevolved Thai business culture is, and he was every bit the douche he sounds like. After lunch we checked out a couple shops down a cute little alley and did a little window shopping. All in all, just a fun day exploring. 

Originally we had agreed to take it easier that night, but the best laid plans. In summary: we made new friends, new enemies, shut down one club, pulled some strings and got into a second club for free, danced *a lot* and upon returning to the guest house, woke up some poor schmuck with the courtesy to yell, "shut up, asshole!" Neither of us took too kindly to that (Kerry astutely pointed out:

   1. that we're not assholes
   2. that (s)he had no right to call us that.

But at that we called it a night.

{% include image.html name="thailand/1682.jpg" caption="Tasty!" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/1688.jpg" caption="See, we biked!" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/img_017.jpg" caption="" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/img_018.jpg" caption="so hip it hurts" %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/img_020.jpg" caption="This cute little patio was behind a tea/cocktail spot, Rustic & Blue. Inside they had tea, cocktails, and Anderson Valley Brewery beers." %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/1686.jpg" caption="Under no circumstances would a rino even fit in this van. I don't know why it needs to be made explicit that they're not allowed." %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/img_022.jpg" caption="Thor arrived a little late and produced this from his bag. The management seemed to take issue with it, but he made a face at them and they seemed ok with it. He plays there frequently. Some might take issue with the notion of Belgian Bourbon, but this was quite smooth." %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/1692.jpg" caption="David has an incredible voice and absolutely killed it. Earned himself groupies." %}

{% include image.html name="thailand/1702.jpg" caption="Kerry climbed a tree!" %}