---
title: "Hiking the Kalalau trail"
---

We work up at 6am, ate some oatmeal, grabbed our bags and got on the trail.

{% include image.html name="kauai-2/IMG_2546.jpg" caption="Wooo, let's do this!"%}
{% include image.html name="kauai-2/IMG_2550.jpg" caption="Starting out fresh. All smiles"%}
{% include image.html name="kauai-2/IMG_2565.jpg" caption=""%}
{% include image.html name="kauai-2/IMG_2568.jpg" caption=""%}

It was a hell of a hike.

We took a break around 11 at a gate into the national park. We had passed someone earlier in the day who told us to be sure to drop our packs and walk around the rock by the gate. That treated us to a ledge above an 800 foot drop to the ocean.

{% include image.html name="kauai-2/IMG_2575.jpg" caption=""%}
{% include image.html name="kauai-2/IMG_2581.jpg" caption=""%}

Beyond that, it was a pretty rough slog. Stopping for lunch was great, but it was tough going. Luckily, the river crossings were easy, and crawler's ledge is easier. Sure footing and safe–just nasty consequences.

{% include image.html name="kauai-2/IMG_2612.jpg" caption="Just before Crawler's ledge"%}

{% include image.html name="kauai-2/IMG_2617.jpg" caption="Crawlers ledge really isn't that bad...like, at all. Consequences, yeah, but it's some of the most secure footing on the whole trail"%}

{% include image.html name="kauai-2/IMG_2630.jpg" caption=""%}
{% include image.html name="kauai-2/IMG_2625.jpg" caption=""%}
{% include image.html name="kauai-2/IMG_2637.jpg" caption=""%}

Around 4pm, Sophie mentioned she had a splitting headache and fealt nauseous, so we took a break and cooled down in a shady area. We both felt much better after that.

The beach was one of the most welcome sights ever. Sophie's face was priceless. There may have been some tears, but they were well earned. This was without a doubt the hardest trail I've ever done, and probably the most physically demanding thing I've ever undertaken. She's a trooper.

{% include image.html name="kauai-2/IMG_2645.jpg" caption=""%}
{% include image.html name="kauai-2/IMG_2701.jpg" caption=""%}
{% include image.html name="kauai-2/IMG_2642.jpg" caption=""%}

After reaching camp, we set up a got some more water from a nearby waterfall. Several rocks dropped near us as we did, which was fun, and the water was a bit silty. Luckily, our neighbors (on vacation from San Mateo) had a filter, so that saved us. As soon as we could, we made dinner (Chili with macaroni), and passed out. I was done.