---
title: "Hiking the sky bridge"
---

Friday

Checked out of hotel and into an [incredible Airbnb](https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/5873549), rented out by a nice young brit headed to a hen party in Thailand for the weekend. Got settled, then went to Forty Hands for coffee.

{% include image.html name="singapore/IMG_20160313_093513.jpg" caption="Came across this guy along the way. Given the penalties for graffiti, I'm amazed someone took the risk" %}

{% include image.html name="singapore/PANO_20160311_090838.jpg" caption="View from the balcony" %}

Got pseudo lost walking and wandered through the hospital campus. Holy crap it's sparkly clean.

{% include image.html name="singapore/IMG_20160312_120116.jpg" caption="Love it" %}

Had some coffee (passable) and a fairly tasty eggs Benedict with steak and curry spices (very good) at [Forty Hands](https://www.40handscoffee.com/).

Met up with Mitch and Justin at Tian Tian, a stall in a hawker center known for having the best chicken rice (local dish that is *exactly* that). Simple, but great flavor.

Hiking in the treetops, chili crab at Jumbo's for dinner, night market at the red dot design museum.

{% include image.html name="singapore/IMG_20160311_144852.jpg" caption="The monkeys loved Justin" %}

{% include image.html name="singapore/IMG_20160310_211746.jpg" caption="Wandering around Singapore and came across this dude. Had abs like whoa"%}

{% include image.html name="singapore/IMG_20160311_225817.jpg" caption="The Nomos Metro and Lambda chilling in their glass case in the Red Dot Museum" %}

{% include image.html name="singapore/IMG_20160311_224235.jpg" caption="Plastic flues that are durable enough to survive less than ideal handling" %}

{% include image.html name="singapore/IMG_20160311_231954.jpg" caption="It's shit like this that bothers me about <i>design</i>. Ended up picking up some of these after seeing them, and they're actually terrible light switches, yet they hung in a museum with an award." %}
{% include image.html name="singapore/IMG_20160311_224419.jpg" caption="Yes, but does it work?" %}